Guidelines for non-strict semver (#265) (#281)
rabbitmq/cluster-operator: README.md

The operator deploys RabbitMQ `3.8.5`, and requires a Kubernetes cluster of `1.16` or above.

## Versioning

> RabbitMQ Cluster Kubernetes Operator follows non-strict [semver. More details about other versioning strategies that were considered can be found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RabbitMQ Cluster Kubernetes Operator follows non-strict [semver](https://semver.org/). More details about other versioning strategies that were considered can be found
```

> [here](https://github.com/rabbitmq/cluster-operator/blob/main/docs/proposals/20200806-versioning-release-strategy.md). 

Reviewer 2: I would delete the second sentence since it's already mentioned in version_guidelines.md and is not that relevant for the main README.

> [Here](version_guidelines.md) are some guidelines on how we implement non-strict semver. The version number MAY or MAY NOT follow the semver rules. Hence, we highly recommend to read

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The versioning guidelines document](version_guidelines.md) contains some guidelines on how we implement non-strict semver. The version number MAY or MAY NOT follow the semver rules. Hence, we highly recommend to read
```
